supervisor.md tutorial pos/rot relative to other nodes (#1659)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/supervisor.md

Where *p* is a point whose coordinates are given with respect to the local coordinate system of a node, *R* the rotation matrix returned by the `wb_supervisor_node_get_orientation` function, *T* is the position returned by the `wb_supervisor_node_get_position` function and *p'* represents the same point but this time with coordinates expressed in the global (world) coordinate system.

%spoiler "**Python Example**: How to calculate relative positions and orientations?"

> If you want to calculate the position and orientation of any node relative to any other node, you can take a look at this example in python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Python example calculates the position and orientation of a node relatively to another node.
```

It should be easily adaptable to any other language, as it uses simple matrix and vector calculations. 

```python
from controller import Supervisor
import numpy as np

robot = Supervisor()
ur10e = robot.getFromDef('ur10e')
box = robot.getFromDef('box')

> # get the transposed rotation matrix of the robot, so we can calculate poses of everything relative to it

Reviewer: Make comment lines not too long results in a better layout and improved readability.
```suggestion
# Get the transposed rotation matrix of the robot, so we can calculate poses of
# everything relative to it.
```

> # get orientation of the Node we want as our new reference frame and turn it into numpy array. Returns 1-dim list of len=9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Get orientation of the Node we want as our new reference frame and turn it into
# a numpy array. Returns 1-dim list of len=9.
```

rot_ur10e = np.array(ur10e.getOrientation())
# reshape into a 3x3 rotation matrix
rot_ur10e.reshape(3, 3)

> # transpose the matrix, because we need world relative to the robot, not the robot relative to world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Transpose the matrix, because we need world relative to the robot, not the
# robot relative to world.
```

rot_ur10e = np.transpose(rot_ur10e)

> # get the translation between the robot and the world. Basically where the origin of our new realative frame is. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Get the translation between the robot and the world (basically where the origin
# of our new relative frame is).
```

> # no need to use the reverse vector, as we will subtract instead of add it later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# No need to use the reverse vector, as we will subtract instead of add it later.
```

pos_ur10e = np.array(ur10e.getPosition())

> # box position relative to world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Box position relative to world.
```

box_pos_world = np.array(box.getPosition())

> # calculate the relative translation between the box and the robot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Calculate the relative translation between the box and the robot.
```

box_pos_world = np.subtract(box_pos_world, pos_ur10e)

> # matrix multiplication with rotation matrix. Box pos relative to robot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Matrix multiplication with rotation matrix: box posistion relative to robot.
```

box_pos_robot = np.dot(rot_ur10e, box_pos_world)

> # calculate the orientation of the box, relative to the robot. All in one line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Calculate the orientation of the box, relative to the robot, all in one line.
```

Where *p* is a point whose coordinates are given with respect to the local coordinate system of a node, *R* the rotation matrix returned by the `wb_supervisor_node_get_orientation` function, *T* is the position returned by the `wb_supervisor_node_get_position` function and *p'* represents the same point but this time with coordinates expressed in the global (world) coordinate system.

> If you want to calculate the position and orientation of any node relative to any other node, you can take a look at this example in python. It should be easily adaptable to any other language, as it uses simple matrix and vector calculations. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

<details><summary>Python Example - CLICK TO EXPAND</summary>
<p>

> #### Python code for calculating relative positions and orientations

Reviewer 2: %spoiler "**Python Example**: How to calculate relative positions and orientations?"

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

If you want to calculate the position and orientation of any node relative to any other node, you can take a look at this example in python.
It should be easily adaptable to any other language, as it uses simple matrix and vector calculations. 

```

# get orientation of the Node we want as our new reference frame and turn it into numpy array. Returns 1-dim list of len=9
rot_ur10e = np.array(ur10e.getOrientation())
# reshape into a 3x3 rotation matrix
rot_ur10e.reshape(3, 3)
# transpose the matrix, because we need world relative to the robot, not the robot relative to world
rot_ur10e = np.transpose(rot_ur10e)

# get the translation between the robot and the world. Basically where the origin of our new realative frame is. 
# no need to use the reverse vector, as we will subtract instead of add it later
pos_ur10e = np.array(ur10e.getPosition())

# box position relative to world
box_pos_world = np.array(box.getPosition())
# calculate the relative translation between the box and the robot
box_pos_world = np.subtract(box_pos_world, pos_ur10e)
# matrix multiplication with rotation matrix. Box pos relative to robot
box_pos_robot = np.dot(rot_ur10e, box_pos_world)

# calculate the orientation of the box, relative to the robot. All in one line
box_rot_robot = np.dot(rot_ur10e, np.array(box.getOrientation()).reshape(3, 3)) 
```

</p>
</details>

> 

Reviewer 2: %end
